Intro:
In this hour, students will write a program called HelloWorld that will print the simple message "Hello World" to the screen. This is a traditional approach to getting up and running with a new environment. It ensures that all the tools needed to write code, load it to the board, excute and debug it are in place. 

1.1 - Arduino IDE (10 mins)
Students will open the Arduino IDE, create a completely blank sketch, and upload that sketch to their Arduino. They will learn about the steps of the build process: Write-->Compile-->Upload-->Run

1.2 - Print Setup and Loop (10 mins)
Students will learn the two required functions of an Arduino program. They will learn that setup executes when the device is powered or reset, and loop executes continously thereafter. They will learn that an Arduino only ever excutes a single program. They will lean how to print to the serial port and open the serial monitor

1.3 - Functions (10 mins)
Students will learn that a function encapsulates some functionality, that it has a name and output type, that it may have inputs and ouputs, and logic that is bounded by curly braces. 

1.4 Verifying and Uploading (10 mins)
Students will learn that when they press the Verify button, the compiler turns their code into machine runnably bytecode. This is where compile errors are created if the code is not perfect. Students will learn that when they press the Upload button the code is written to the Adruino and starts to execute. 

1.5 Serial Code (10 mins)
Students will write the code that initializes the Serial connection at 9600 baud. They will then write the code that prints the 'hello world' message to the terminal window. They will compile and run this code. They will open the serial monitor and see the results.

1.6 Challenge (10 mins)
Students will write, upload, run and test code that prints the word 'setup' once, and then prints the word 'loop' many times. They will be given a hint about using the delay(1000) word to keep things from getting too messy. 